

-- 1 of 24 --

TABLE OF
CONTENTS
1. Deal with the Root
2. Can a Christian Have a Demon
3. 6 Demons Mentioned in the Bible
4. Open Doors to Demons (Part 1)
5. Open Doors to Demons (Part 2)
6. Demons and Disorders
7. Basis for Deliverance
8. Steps to Deliverance
9. How to be Delivered from Porn
10. Nightmares and Torments at Night

-- 2 of 24 --

DEAL WITH
THE ROOT
We are spiritual beings
living in a spiritual world.
Physical problems can
have spiritual roots. Kill the
spider instead of dusting
cobwebs.

-- 3 of 24 --

Problems that can have spiritual roots:
!. REPEATED SINS
Jesus said, “I tell you most solemnly that anyone who
chooses a life of sin is trapped in a dead-end life and
is, in fact, a slave.
John 8:34 (Message)
We don’t sin without Satan
". PHYSICAL ILLNESS
What is bound spiritually will bend physically
And behold, there was a woman who had a spirit of
infirmity eighteen years, and was bent over and could
in no way raise herself up.
Luke 13:11
#. FINANCIAL FAMINE
Financial problems year after year can have a
spiritual cause
Now there was a famine in the days of David for three
years, year after year; and David inquired of the Lord.
And the Lord answered, “It is because of Saul and his
bloodthirsty house, because he killed the Gibeonites.”
2 Samuel 21:1
$. ACCIDENT%PRONE
In his days Hiel of Bethel built Jericho. He laid its
foundation with Abiram his firstborn, and with his
youngest son Segub he set up its gates, according to
the word of the Lord, which He had spoken through
Joshua the son of Nun. 1 Kings 16:34
&. ANXIETY AND DEPRESSION
But the Spirit of the Lord departed from Saul, and a
distressing spirit from the Lord troubled him.
1 Samuel 16:14
The garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness;
Isaiah 61:3
The Bible compares the devil to five animals:
1. A bird. (Mt 13:4)
2. A wolf. (Jn 10:12)
3. A lion. (1Pe 5:8)
4. A dragon. (Rev 12:9; 20:2)
5. A serpent or a snake. (Gen 3:1)
DEAD SNAKES ARE DANGEROUS.
A Medical Center in Phoenix Arizona did a study on rattlesnakes and found that dead rattlesnakes can
still strike, bite, and kill. Sometimes rattlesnakes were shot and their heads cut off, but the snakeheads
still retained the capacity for reflex action. One study showed that snakeheads could still make striking
type motions for up to 60 minutes after decapitation.1
Satan’s defeat gives you a potential of victory, but it does not make you an automatic overcomer.
Life is not a playground, it is a battlefield.
1 Suchard, Jeffrey R., and Frank LoVecchio. “Envenomations by Rattlesnakes Thought to Be Dead: NEJM.
” New England Journal of Medicine, 17 June 1999, www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJM199906173402420.

-- 4 of 24 --

CAN
CHRISTIANS
HAVE
DEMONS?
Demon possession
is about ownership.
Demon oppression
is about control.

-- 5 of 24 --

There is no basis for this in Greek word daimonizo,
which conveys no suggestion of ownership but
means merely “to subject to demonic influence”
Derek Prince (They Shall Expel Demons).
“The conquest of the land of Canaan under Joshua
illustrates some of these principles; though given by
God to Israel, the land initially remained in Canaanite
possession. Only gradually were the Canaanites
conquered and expelled; thus for a time they still
dwelt in the land and possessed it, though they no
longer owned it.” Rodger K. Bufford (Demonic
Influence and the Christian, George Fox University)
Born again believers can have a demon but a demon
can’t have a believer.
Argument #1 - Deliverance is only for
unbelievers.
Demons have legal rights to the unbeliever.
Argument #2 - The Holy Spirit and demon can’t
live in the same person
The Holy Spirit lives in our spirit but demons can live
in our soul.
Argument #3 - Light and darkness can’t live
together.
“Do not be unequally yoked together with unbelievers.
For what fellowship has righteousness with
lawlessness? And what communion has light with
darkness?” (2Co 6:14).
This verse does not say light and darkness cannot
coexist. It says they should not exist together. If
darkness and light cannot coexist, then Christians
cannot date unbelievers.
Jesus’ first deliverance happened in the Synagogue
(Mar 1:23-26).
Satan bound a daughter of Abraham for 18 years
with the spirit of infirmity (Luk 13:16).
Deliverance is a children’s bread (Mt 15:26).
Children in the Lord’s prayer ask to deliver us from
the evil one (Mt 6:13).
Jesus said to His disciples who believed in Him, you
shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free
(Jn 8:31-36).
Christians are exhorted to not give place to the devil.
(Eph 4:27) and do not be entangled again with a yoke
of bondage. (Gal 5:1).
The Lord is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer
(2Sa 22:2).
Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord
delivers him out of them all (Psa 34:19).

-- 6 of 24 --

SIX DEMONS
MENTIONED
IN THE BIBLE
Names of demons reveal
the nature of demons.

-- 7 of 24 --

Demons are called evil spirits, unclean spirits,
familiar spirits, lying spirits, and angels of Satan.
!. SPIRIT OF FEAR (2Ti 1:7)
It’s a demon that causes unnatural fear that invades
your life, fear of circumstances, fear of death, fear of
driving a car, fear of people, fear of insanity, chronic
timidity, paranoia, fear of isolation, fear of failure, fear
of losing a job, fear of getting married, fear of getting
sick, horrors and nightmares.
". SPIRIT OF DEATH (Jn 10:10)
This demon brings constant thoughts of suicide.
He is behind murder, epilepsy, self-mutilation,
abortion, abnormal grief, mourning and sorrow, and
convulsions.
#. SPIRIT OF LUST (Hos 5:4)
There is an evil force behind pornography, adultery,
fornication, prostitution, homosexuality. Many times
this demon brings sexual dreams and appears as a
spiritual husband or spirit wife in the dream.
$. SPIRIT OF ADDICTION (Rom 8:15)
This demon stands behind addiction to alcohol,
drugs, smoking, gambling, and video games. Lighter
addictions also contribute to this, like addiction to
food, television, phone, computer, money, work,
sleep, or constant tardiness.
%. SPIRIT OF INFIRMITY (Luk 13:11)
These demons many times are behind allergies,
diabetes, arthritis, cancer, constant weakness,
mental disorder, hunchback, organ failure, nerve
disorders, chronic rash, and fungal infections.
&. SPIRIT OF PRIDE (Pro 16:18)
Pride is not just an emotion, it can be a spirit.
Spirit that brings arrogance, revenge, rebellion,
redness, egoism, lust for power, criticism, anger,
independence, cruelty, vainglory, worshipping the
saints, and jealousy.
'. SPIRIT OF PYTHON (Act 16:16)
Spirit of divination as it’s also called, it’s main
assignment is to deceive. This spirit operates
through occult like Freemasonry, Mormonism,
Scientology, secret societies, new age, Jehovahs’
witnesses, eastern religions, fortune-telling,
chain letters, black and white magic, calling out
the devil, hypnosis, numerology, satan worship,
water witching, levitation, iridology, charms, ouija
boards, gypse curses, horoscopes, zodiac signs,
acupuncture, and dream catchers.
Their goal is to entice, harass, torment, enslave, cause addictions, defile, deceive, and attack the
physical body.

-- 8 of 24 --

OPEN
DOORS TO
DEMONS 	!PART "#
The devil is like a dog on a leash, he can only bark
at Christians but cannot bite them if they stay away
from his territory. His territory is sin.

-- 9 of 24 --

As God does nothing without faith, Satan does
nothing without sin.
!. OCCULT
“Occult” literally means “hidden from view.” It is
something hidden, secret, and mysterious.
The occult is astrology, witchcraft, the black arts, fortune
telling, black magic, white magic, Ouija boards, spiritism,
tarot cards, horoscopes, and talking to the dead.
The occult also includes partaking in false religions that
directly or indirectly worship the Devil.
When you come into the land which the Lord your God is
giving you, you shall not learn to follow the abominations of
those nations. There shall not be found among you anyone
who makes his son or his daughter pass through the fire, or
one who practices witchcraft, or a soothsayer, or one who
interprets omens, or a sorcerer, or one who conjures spells,
or a medium, or a spiritist, or one who calls up the dead. For
all who do these things are an abomination to the Lord, and
because of these abominations the Lord your God drives
them out from before you. Deuteronomy 18:9-12
". DEMONIC OBJECTS
Power flows through people, places, animals, and objects.
God used Moses’ rod, the water of Jordan, the saliva
of Jesus, handkerchiefs, and aprons to bring about
supernatural miracles.
Achan was destroyed for taking the accursed things into
his tent (Josh. 7:11-25).
Demonic objects as books on magic, charms, dream
catchers, ouija boards, tarot cards, horoscopes and etc.
bring about demonic influence into the person’s life.
Also, many of those who had practiced magic brought their
books together and burned them in the sight of all. And they
counted up the value of them, and it totaled fifty thousand
pieces of silver. Acts 19:19
#. BITTERNESS
Demons enter through rejection, abuse, trauma, rape, and
molestation.
“The occult is the main door for demons in other countries
but in the western world it’s abuse” Bob Larson
“Repent therefore of this your wickedness, and pray to
God if perhaps the thought of your heart may be forgiven
you. For I see that you are poisoned by bitterness and
bound by iniquity,” Acts 8:22-23
A poison of bitterness opened the door for being bound
by iniquity.
Betrayal is what happens to us, bitterness is our response
to it.
Betrayal is what people do, and bitterness is what we
allow to grow.
And his master was angry, and delivered him to the
torturers until he should pay all that was due to him.
Matthew 18:34
Unforgiveness delivers us to torturers
“To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover that the
prisoner was you”
“Unforgiveness is the poison you drink every day hoping
that someone else will die”
$. SEX OUTSIDE OF MARRIAGE
Sex is not just a physical act, it is a spiritual matter as well.
Or do you not know that he who is joined to a harlot is one
body with her? For “the two,” He says, “shall become one
flesh.” 1 Corinthians 6:16
Condoms can protect from sexual disease, but not from
sexual demons.
Demons can be transferred from one person to another
through a sexual act.
%. ABORTION
When we commit injustice against others, it also brings a
curse (Deut. 27:18-19).
Cain was under a curse after he murdered his brother
(Gen. 4:11-12).
Abortion is murder, and it brings a curse.
“Nor give place to the devil.” Ephesians 4:27

-- 10 of 24 --

OPEN
DOORS TO
DEMONS 	!PART "#

-- 11 of 24 --

!. INNER VOW
An inner vow made early in life, made with deep emotion,
often in response to an experience or desire, we make
that to ourselves.
“Inner vows are a form of self-determination and idolatry
because we place our desires above God’s desires for
us. They are also often in response to condemnation or
judgment of a person or a group of people. Inner vows form
walls around our hearts. They cause our hearts to become
hostages to our past, even if our circumstances have
changed drastically” Jennifer Sum (Practical Christianity)
For by your words you will be justified, and by your words
you will be condemned. Matthew 12:37
It is a snare for a man to devote rashly something as holy,
and afterward to reconsider his vows. Proverbs 20:25
“I will never” or “I will always”
“I will never trust anyone.”
“I will not let anyone control me.”
“I will never be like my father.”
“I must become successful.”
“I will make sure people like me.”
“I will always look perfect.”
". SPOKEN CURSES
God pronounced a curse on the serpent and on the
ground (Gen 3:14, 17; 5:29).
God promised to curse those who cursed Abraham (Gen
12:3)
Joshua cursed Jericho (Jos 6:26)
King David cursed the Mountain of Gilboa (2Sa 2:21)
Prophet Elisha cursed his servant (2Ki 5:26-27)
Jesus cursed the fig tree (Mt 11:14)
Those in authority can speak curses over people.
Witch doctors can cast spells on those they want to harm.
#. STEALING
‘I will send out the curse,’ says the Lord of hosts; ‘It shall
enter the house of the thief and the house of the one who
swears falsely by My name. It shall remain in the midst
of his house and consume it, with its timber and stones,’
Zechariah 5:4
Stealing is a sin because it breaks one of God’s
commandments. It also opens doors for curses upon our
household.
Thievery led to demonic possession, and to Judas’
eventual destruction (Jn 13:27).
Robbery, burglary, identity theft, stealing from the office,
taking intellectual property—illegally downloading
content and shoplifting, are acts of sowing, which will
result in reaping many curses and open door to demons.
$. PORN
Porn is like Delilah, it gives momentary pleasure, but porn’s
only allegiance is to do Satan’s bidding.
As the Philistines were behind Delilah’s actions to bring
Samson down, in like manner, Satan uses this tactic to
accomplish his mission of defeating you.
“I will set nothing wicked before my eyes;” Psalm 101:3
%&. DRUGS
Drugs are directly tied to sorcery in the Bible, and most
pagan cultures use drugs in their religious rituals. In the
case of paganism, drugs are used to heighten spiritual
awareness.
And they did not repent of their murders or their sorceries
or their sexual immorality or their thefts. Revelation 9:21
The word for sorceries here is pharmakeia, which is the
source of our English word pharmacy. This word primarily
meant “dealing in poison” or “drug use” and was applied
to divination and spell-casting because sorcerers often
used drugs along with their incantations and amulets to
conjure occult power.
“In Hinduism, marijuana (ganga) has been used to worship
the demon of death and destruction, for thousands of
years. Chinese Taoism has long believed that inhaling
marijuana is a way to communicate with spirits and tell
fortunes. In pagan, Norse Odinism, pot has been used to
invoke Freya (another form of Jezebel), a demon I often
deal with when ministering to those of Scandinavian
descent. The pot was important to Celtic Druids when
practicing witchcraft. Tantric Buddhism employs pot as
well as some Sikhism. And the pot today is roughly six
times stronger than that smoked by the hippies on Haight
street. I have confronted possessed people who’ve never
practiced eastern religions but got Shiva and other Hindu
demons, like Kali/Jezebel, by taking a joint.” Bob Larson

-- 12 of 24 --

11. YOGA AND EASTERN
MEDITATIONS
12. GENERATIONAL CURSES
Generational curses work like generational
blessings. We are not responsible for what is passed
on but for what we activate.
“The curse of the Lord is on the house of the wicked,”
Proverbs 3:33
“Practicing yoga is Satanic, it leads to evil just like
reading Harry Potter. Yoga derives from Hinduism, a
heathen religion that says there is reincarnation. Pope
John Paul II in 1989 also warned against the dangers
of yoga as a seduction of spiritual seekers” Father
Gabriele Amorth
“Yoga, in Sanskrit, the ancient language of Hinduism,
means “union with god,” small “g.” Its purpose is to
bend the body into many forms to master the mind
and soul of the practitioner. Quite literally, yoga’s goal
is to tune the body to the Universal Mind and thereby
achieve god-consciousness and attain oneness with
the universe. At least that’s what they’ve been doing
for thousands of years in India, no matter that some
ignorant Christians in American may call their brand of
Holy Yoga.” Bob Larson
The Bible mentions meditation 23 times; 19 of them
appear in the Psalms.
Eastern meditation empties the mind. Christian
meditation fills the mind.
Eastern meditation is detachment. Christian
meditation is an attachment to God.
Eastern meditation is passive. Christian mediation is
aggressive.
Eastern meditation is demonic. Christian meditation is
the Holy Spirit-filled and led.

-- 13 of 24 --

DEMONS
AND
DISORDERS
According to the National Alliance on Mental Illness
(NAMI), 60 million Americans experience a mental
health condition every year – that’s one in four adults
and one in ten children

-- 14 of 24 --

!. MENTAL ILLNESS CAN
BE DEMONIC
Then they came to Jesus, and saw the one who had been
demon-possessed and had the legion, sitting and clothed
and in his right mind. Mark 5:15
When demons were cast out, a man came back to his
right mind.
". MENTAL ILLNESS CAN BE AS A
RESULT OF SIN
That very hour the word was fulfilled concerning
Nebuchadnezzar; he was driven from men and ate grass
like oxen; his body was wet with the dew of heaven till his
hair had grown like eagles’ feathers and his nails like birds’
claws. Daniel 4:33
Due to sin of pride, Nebuchadnezzar lost his mind
But the Spirit of the Lord departed from Saul, and a
distressing spirit from the Lord troubled him. 1 Samuel 16:14
King Saul had manic episodes after the Spirit of God
departed him.
#. MENTAL ILLNESS CAN BE A
PHYSICAL ILLNESS
So he went to him and bandaged his wounds, pouring on oil
and wine; and he set him on his own animal, brought him to
an inn, and took care of him. Luke 10:34
God uses elements from the earth such as leaves and figs
to assist in the healing process from physical problems
(Ezk 47:12; 1Ti 5:23; Isa 38:21).
Taking medicine is not a weakness of faith. Church
invented the idea of hospitals.
Dr. Steven Waterhouse in his book, “Strength For His
People,” shares six differences between demons and
disorders.
1. Demons speak in rational dialog. People with mental
illness speak in the irrational dialog. Untreated people
with schizophrenia will often speak in nonsense and jump
rapidly between unrelated topics.
2. Demons want nothing to do with Christ. People with
mental illness are often devoutly religious.
3. Demons give supernatural knowledge to their host.
People with mental illness only know facts acquired by
normal learning.
4. Demons want to be secretive. People with mental
illness claim to be demon-possessed.
5. Demonic phenomena are at times scary and
spooky. A person doesn’t exhibit supernatural behavior.
6. Demons can’t be cured with medicine. Mental illness
can’t be fixed with exorcism.
If prayer solves the problem, then it was probably not
schizophrenia. If medicine helps alleviate the problem, it
was not demon possession.

-- 15 of 24 --

BASIS
FOR
DELIVER!
ANCE

-- 16 of 24 --

!. CROSS IS THE CURE
Satan’s defeat was prophesied in the Garden of Eden,
that Jesus would bruise the head of the serpent. On the
cross, Jesus rendered Satan powerless (Col 2:14,15; Gen
3:15)
There are many reasons for demonic oppression, but only
one basis for freedom from them, the cross of Calvary.
Different sins open the door for the Devil, but only the
precious blood of Jesus drives him out (Rev 12:11).
". DELIVERANCE IS PART OF
SANCTIFICATION
The New Testament word for salvation is “Sozo” which
means to save, to deliver, to protect, to preserve, and to
rescue from danger.
Salvation for the Spirit - forgiveness
“He will save His people from their sins.” Matthew 1:21
The word for save here is Sozo.
Salvation for the Body - healing
And the woman was made well from that hour.
Matthew 9:22
The word here for made well is also Sozo.
Salvation for the Soul - deliverance
They also who had seen it told them by what means he who
had been demon-possessed was healed. Luke 8:36
Deliverance is part of the sanctification process since we
are made perfect in our spirit but we are being perfected
in our soul.
For by one offering He has perfected forever those who are
being sanctified. Hebrews 10:14
#. SALVATION IS NOT JUST AN
EVENT, IT’S A PROCESS
We are saved (past tense)
“For by grace you have been saved through faith…”
Ephesians 2:8
We are being saved (present tense)
“…those who are being saved,” 2 Corinthians 2:15
“…work out your own salvation with fear and trembling, for it
is God who works in you…” Philippians 2:12,13
We will be saved (future tense)
“…we shall be saved…” Romans 5:9-10
“Our salvation is now nearer than when we first believed,”
Romans 13:11

-- 17 of 24 --

STEPS
TO
DELIVER!
ANCE

-- 18 of 24 --

!. RECOGNIZE THAT THERE IS A
DEMONIC ACTIVITY OR AN OPEN
DOOR
Then Jesus said to those Jews who believed Him, “If you
abide in My word, you are My disciples indeed. And you
shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.”
They answered Him, “We are Abraham’s descendants, and
have never been in bondage to anyone. How can You say,
‘You will be made free’?” John 8:31-33
". REPENT: CONFESS YOUR FAITH
IN CHRIST, CONFESS ANY KNOWN
SINS, FORGIVE ANYONE WHO
SINNED AGAINST YOU
“And those of you who are left shall waste away in their
iniquity in your enemies’ lands; also, in their fathers’
iniquities, which are with them, they shall waste away. ‘But
if they confess their iniquity and the iniquity of their fathers,
with their unfaithfulness in which they were unfaithful to Me,
and that they also have walked contrary to Me,”
Leviticus 26:39-40
#. RENOUNCE ALL CONTACT WITH
THE DEVIL AND OCCULT AND
THROW AWAY ANY DEMONICALLY
DEDICATED ITEMS
But we have renounced the hidden things of shame,
not walking in craftiness nor handling the word of God
deceitfully, but by manifestation of the truth commending
ourselves to every man’s conscience in the sight of God.
2 Corinthians 4:2
$. RELEASE YOURSELF IN THE
NAME OF JESUS
Deliver yourself like a gazelle from the hand of the hunter,
and like a bird from the hand of the fowler. Proverbs 6:5
%. RESIST THE DEVIL WHO WILL
SEEK TO GAIN CONTROL AGAIN
Therefore submit to God. Resist the devil and he will flee
from you. James 4:7
&. REPLACE WHATEVER THINGS
THE LORD DELIVERED YOU FROM
WITH THE THINGS OF GOD
Therefore do not let sin reign in your mortal body, that you
should obey it in its lusts. And do not present your members
as instruments of unrighteousness to sin, but present
yourselves to God as being alive from the dead, and your
members as instruments of righteousness to God. Romans
6:12
'. RENEW YOUR MIND TO YOUR
NEW IDENTITY IN CHRIST
And do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed
by the renewing of your mind, that you may prove what is
that good and acceptable and perfect will of God.
Romans 12:2

-- 19 of 24 --

HOW TO BE
DELIVERED
FROM PORN
Private victories prepare us
for our public triumphs.

-- 20 of 24 --

!. DESPERATION
“Holy Spirit belongs to the thirsty, deliverance belongs to
the desperate” Derek Prince
". DELIVERANCE
Jesus answered them, “Most assuredly, I say to you,
whoever commits sin is a slave of sin. John 8:34
#. DEVOTION
There is no fear in love; but perfect love casts out fear,
because fear involves torment. 1 John 4:18
$. DISCIPLINE
If your right eye causes you to sin, pluck it out and cast it
from you; for it is more profitable for you that one of your
members perish, than for your whole body to be cast into
hell. And if your right hand causes you to sin, cut it off and
cast it from you; for it is more profitable for you that one of
your members perish, than for your whole body to be cast
into hell. Matthew 5:29-30
%. DOMINION
For a righteous man may fall seven times and rise again, but
the wicked shall fall by calamity. Proverbs 24:16
We are exhorted to “lay aside every weight, and the sin which so easily ensnares us” (Heb. 12:1).
Pornography is one of those sins that so easily ensnares.
Private victories prepare us for our public triumphs.
But David said to Saul, “Your servant used to keep his father’s sheep, and when a lion or a bear came and
took a lamb out of the flock, I went out after it and struck it, and delivered the lamb from its mouth; and
when it arose against me, I caught it by its beard, and struck and killed it. Your servant has killed both lion
and bear; and this uncircumcised Philistine will be like one of them, seeing he has defied the armies of the
living God.” Moreover David said, “The Lord, who delivered me from the paw of the lion and from the paw
of the bear, He will deliver me from the hand of this Philistine.” 1 Samuel 17:34-37
God delivered David from the lion as he attacked him.
We must understand that we are fighting three enemies simultaneously, the Devil (invisible enemy),
flesh (inward enemy), and the world (visible enemy).
The spiritual enemy is overcome by repentance, renouncing, resistance, and/or deliverance.
The inward enemy, our flesh, is overcome by crucifixion, self-denial, or in other words discipline.
The outward enemy, the world is overcome by fleeing and removing ourselves from the places and
people that cause us sin.

-- 21 of 24 --

OVERCOMING
NIGHT
TERRORS

-- 22 of 24 --

!. YOU CAN’T GET A DEMON
THROUGH A DREAM
God showed up to kings like Abimelech, Pharaoh,
Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon but it didn’t mean that they
got in right standing with God via a dream.
". CONSTANT BAD DREAMS
CAN BE A SIGN THAT YOU NEED
DELIVERANCE
Dreams when you have money, always counting. Different
wife. Running from someone. Falling into a pit. Asking for
salvation. Eating with someone who is dead. Hair is cut
in dream. Someone is trying to steal clothes in the room.
Carrying huge baggage. Swimming in the water. You are
wearing masks. You are being shot in the dream. Having
sex in a dream.
#. GO TO SLEEP ON THE ROCK OF
AGES INSTEAD OF THE LAP OF
DELILAH
Then she lulled him to sleep on her knees, and called for
a man and had him shave off the seven locks of his head.
Then she began to torment him, and his strength left him.
Judges 16:19
So he came to a certain place and stayed there all night,
because the sun had set. And he took one of the stones
of that place and put it at his head, and he lay down in that
place to sleep. Then he dreamed, and behold, a ladder
was set up on the earth, and its top reached to heaven; and
there the angels of God were ascending and descending
on it. Genesis 28:11-12
$. IF YOU HAD A NIGHTMARE, IN
THE MORNING PULL IT OUT BY
YOUR CONFESSION
Behold, I give you the authority to trample on serpents and
scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy, and nothing
shall by any means hurt you. Luke 10:19
“But while men slept, his enemy came and sowed tares among the wheat and went his way.”
Matthew 13:25
The enemy loves to attack us when we sleep, through nightmares, horror dreams, or snakes and
spiders appearing in dreams, it’s the work of Satan – his goal is to cut away our peace & power.

-- 23 of 24 --

Vladimir Savchuk leads the HungryGen movement and pastors a multi-cultural
church with a clear-cut. Focused vision to see the salvation of souls, healing,
deliverance, and the raising up of young leaders. He leads annual “Raised to
Deliver” conferences, which attract thousands from all over the globe. He also
leads two discipleship internships and one ministry school. He recently started an
online school that offers free online courses. Pastor Vlad is a sought-after speaker
at conferences and camps.
Vlad was born in Ukraine and raised in a Christian home. He immigrated to the U.S.
at the age of 13 and became a youth pastor at the age of 16. Recently, he became
the lead pastor of the HungryGen Church.
He is married to his beautiful wife, Lana, with whom he enjoys spending time and
doing ministry together.
If you have a testimony from reading this e-book, please email info@vladimirsavchuk.com
If you wish to post about this e-book on your social media, please use tag @vladhungrygen and use
#pastorvlad hashtag.
If you are looking for a video study guide for small groups, you may find it at www.vladimirsavchuk.com
STAY CONNECTED
Facebook.com/vladhungrygen
Twitter.com/vladhungrygen
Instagram.com/vladhungrygen
YouTube.com/vladimirsavchuk
www.vladimirsavchuk.com
www.vladschool.com

-- 24 of 24 --

